welcome to Greg Hansen's video notebook
it's the Tuesday edition brought to you
by Domino's Pizza I am star sports
editor Ryan Finley joined by greg hansen
greg great column in today's newspaper
talking about early entries into the NBA
Draft you mentioned jerryd bayless I
didn't know he was a Celtic by the way
until you told me and sort of the
history of Arizona's early entries as we
stare down at the 2014 NBA Draft where
do you see Nick Johnson and and Aaron
Gordon fitting in there I think like
most people Nick Johnson's going to be a
second-round pick late second-round
probably wind up playing at Europe next
year and I think Aaron Gordon will go
tan to go to 14th or somewhere like that
maybe when they get a look at him and
see that he doesn't have any offensive
game he'll even drop more out of the
lottery I wouldn't be surprised at that
would you know but if you look at the
tools that he has to my guesses most NBA
franchises are perhaps egotistical
enough to say hey we can build this guy
to a superstar I mean the comparison
I've always heard what they're in Gordon
and maybe it's apt is you know he is
Blake Griffin but he's not he's not a
power player he never will be yeah he's
a kangaroo yeah and I think he's he's a
hybrid player and somebody's going to
get seduced by him and they'll take him
I still think will be 10 or so well the
names he mentioned when he went back
through kind of the history of early
entries in the pac 10 / pac-12 is really
only two guys could be called busts
probably tell me about those guys from
Arizona yeah well jerryd bayless I
thought he had lottery potential and NBA
all-star game potential I did yeah but
apparently he's a man without a position
and so that's hurt him he's five teams
in six years you kidding me he's a free
agent but I'm not going to get a lot of
money in relative terms to the mva I
thought he I wouldn't call him a bus
though yeah if you look at Nick Johnson
and Jerryd Bayless to me it seems as if
jerryd bayless was probably a better
college player right but Nick Johnson
has maybe the leaping ability that
Bayless lacked how would you compare
those two when you're sizing up kind of
their NBA potential Bayless was a score
nick is not
into the debate right there bailiffs
could score he averaged 19 and point
seven at Arizona's a freshman I mean
Nick could never ease 19 of the he shot
you know ten more times again sure but
Nick Johnson could play defense and
Jerryd Bayless maybe the jury was still
out on that and plus he played in that
transition year with Kevin O'Neill and
nobody's head was into the game really
consistently during the year and it was
just it was an awful season yeah this is
greg Hansen's video notebook brought to
you by Domino's Pizza Greg will keep it
in the NBA here steve kerr the rumor
mill is churning saying that steve kerr
could be named the knicks head coach by
the end of the week this is a guy who
has no NBA coaching experience this is a
guy who has been behind a microphone
broadcasting games this is a guy who's
time with the Phoenix Suns was nothing
short of disastrous why is he a good fit
for the biggest media market and maybe
the biggest professional sports team in
the league you're talking to the wrong
guy about Steve Kerr yeah I always
thought Steve Kerr should be lute
Olson's replacement and I still do I
mean not nothing is Sean Miller
obviously he's the right pic but if you
had to know Steve Kerr and I was lucky
to in the 80s and 90s he's the guy he is
the guy I would swear by he's the guy
I'd want coaching my son he's the guy
he's smart I mean he is really a smart
kid he's forthright his character is is
just impeccable he knows the NBA inside
now and he wasn't a good general manager
because Robert Sarver was a horrible
owner in my opinion I would hire him in
a heartbeat and Phil Jackson and he has
a synergy with him they're going to hire
him obviously next month and to me
that's a home run and tell it gets to
the point that people realize that nyx
don't have good players and it's all
going to come back on Steve Kerr what's
going to keep Steve Kerr from being
eaten alive by the media market and the
pressure that comes with being the head
coach of the New York Knicks because I
think even in New York that's the most
menacing media sports media in the
country those guys will like him which
usually doesn't happen he is impossible
not to like and even when the Knicks
going like 36 and 48 one year they're
going to like him and take it easy on
him do you think Steve Curt was ever a
legitimate candidate at Arizona no
because at that time his kids were still
had three kids and there any other
engineer
our high school what surprised me now
about him taking this job if he takes it
and said Maddie Korea's daughter as an
all pac-12 volleyball player at Cal and
his sons on the san diego toreros
basketball team so he won't be able to
see him all the time I thought he was
going to hold out until they left
college must be nice by the way get to
live in San Diego pick and choose your
spots Steve Curt has got a pretty good
gig right now I don't know if I would be
leaving exactly doing TV professionally
to coach anywhere but that's just me all
right Craig we're going to let you go
for greg hansen i'm ryan feeling this is
Greg Hansen's video notebook brought to
you by Domino's Pizza we'll see you on
Friday at dominos we're slowing down to
make our handmade pan pizza the right
way taking our time to hand press the
fresh dough into the pan adding two
layers of cheese and slowing our ovens
down to get the crust golden and crispy
so try a Domino's handmade pan pizza
with two toppings for just seven
ninety-nine